# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --all-extras --python-version 3.12 pyproject.toml -o requirements-ubuntu-latest-3.12.txt
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via mkdocs-material
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black==24.10.0
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
bleach==6.2.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   panel
bokeh==2.4.3
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   hvplot
    #   panel
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   typer
cloudpickle==3.1.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
colorcet==3.1.0
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask==2024.12.1
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   distributed
debugpy==1.8.11
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distributed==2024.12.1
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   torch
    #   triton
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   torch
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==1.5.4
    # via mkdocstrings-python
hdxms-datasets==0.1.5
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
hdxrate==0.2.2
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
holoviews==1.17.1
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   hvplot
hvplot==0.8.4
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imageio==2.36.1
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via ultraplot
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
ipython==8.31.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   distributed
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupytext==1.16.6
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   panel
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.0
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.2.0
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocs-gen-files==0.5.0
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-jupyter==0.25.1
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.1
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-material==9.5.49
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings==0.27.0
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.13.0
    # via mkdocstrings
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via distributed
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.5
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==1.25.2
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   hdxrate
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   symfit
    #   tifffile
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.5.8
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.5.147
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.1.9
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.1.170
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.21.5
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via pylatex
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   black
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   hdxms-datasets
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupytext
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas==2.1.0
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   hdxms-datasets
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
panel==0.14.4
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
param==1.13.0
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   panel
    #   pyct
    #   pyviz-comms
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocstrings
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyct==0.5.0
    # via panel
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pylatex==1.4.2
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
pymdown-extensions==10.14
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.3.4
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyviz-comms==3.0.3
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   hdxms-datasets
    #   jupytext
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   omegaconf
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   hdxms-datasets
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   panel
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-image==0.25.0
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
scipy==1.15.0
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   scikit-image
    #   symfit
setuptools==75.8.0
    # via
    #   panel
    #   symfit
    #   torch
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
symfit==0.5.6
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   symfit
    #   torch
tblib==3.0.0
    # via distributed
tifffile==2024.12.12
    # via scikit-image
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenize-rt==6.1.0
    # via black
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
toposort==1.10
    # via symfit
torch==2.5.1
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
    #   panel
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
triton==3.1.0
    # via torch
typer==0.15.1
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   panel
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
ultraplot==0.99.3
    # via pyhdx (pyproject.toml)
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
